,Review,Alias
0,We are visit from New Mexico and wow! The drinks are amazing. The server/manager made off menu drinks for us and mine was with pineapple and tamarind and...,proof-and-press-el-paso
1,Alex was an amazing mixologist! Wowed us with history of drinks and ingredients. We loved every drink. Each one was made with such pride and precision. Next...,proof-and-press-el-paso
2,Upscale bar with great service.  I went with a group of friends.  We all agreed the alcoholic drinks were delicious.  I had a Moscow mule and house party....,proof-and-press-el-paso
3,This is a cute placed tucked away in the corner of a strip mall on Lee Trevino. It's a good place to come if you need to get some work done. It's small and...,frontera-churros-el-paso
4,"There's not much to say here - this won't be a review in which I disclose some thing that nobody has ever known, heard it or even thought about. 

Frontera...",frontera-churros-el-paso
5,"This spot is a hidden gem,the ice coffee  amd churros were good. Good prices cute location",frontera-churros-el-paso
6,"My husband and I are from Seattle so it's a given that we love coffee! Every time we travel to a new state/city, we like discovering new and cool coffee...",café-con-leche-el-paso-6
7,"What an amazing gem! This was definitely the star of our morning in El Paso. The venue was full of delightful finds - old albums, photos, plants, trinkets....",café-con-leche-el-paso-6
8,"Visiting family in El Paso, we saw this place in a search for coffee and had to try it out. Very cool little place with a peaceful atmosphere. Friendly and...",café-con-leche-el-paso-6
9,"What a great little spot! Cortado was rich and delicious, and the service was excellent! 
Got a pound of organic coffee to go and looking forward to trying it!",viejo-coffee-el-paso-4
10,Good coffee. The young boys who work there are so nice and make conversation with you are so kind and have good recommendations for things to do in the area.,viejo-coffee-el-paso-4
11,"Cool little coffee spot by UTEP. No frills, which I appreciate when it comes to coffee. When I say little, I mean tiny, enough room for two people to wait...",viejo-coffee-el-paso-4
12,Such an adorable shop! A must stop if you're in El Paso! The woman who took our order was super friendly and answered all of the questions my group had...,frontera-churros-coffee-and-beer-el-paso
13,"Quaint downtown location
PAdkin g isn't easy but worth
We all need to walk more :)
Absolute best fresh churros 
remember to order to take home too",frontera-churros-coffee-and-beer-el-paso
14,Was told I had to try this spot while in El Paso by a friend and it lived up to the hype. Inside the restaurant was super cute with fun churro themed signs....,frontera-churros-coffee-and-beer-el-paso
